docs: Add 2024-07-25 meeting notes (#522)
eslint/tsc-meetings: notes/2024/2024-07-25.md

# 2024-07-25 ESLint TSC Meeting Notes

## Transcript

[`2024-07-25-transcript.md`](2024-07-25-transcript.md)

## Attending

- Nicholas C. Zakas (@nzakas) - TSC
- Milos Djermanovic (@mdjermanovic) - TSC
- Francesco Trotta (@fasttime) - TSC

@nzakas moderated, and @sam3k took notes.

## Topics

### Statuses

* **@nzakas:**  has been working on `@eslint/json`, `@eslint/markdown`, the new config loading RFC, and started work on the core rewrite RFC (but that will take a while).

* **@mdjermanovic:** finished `eslint-plugin-react` support for ESLint v9, and was mostly reviewing PRs.

> * **@fasttime:** finished updating `@types/eslint` to v9 and I've been also mostly busy reviewing issues and PRs.

Reviewer: Maybe like this since we are using the 3rd person form in these comments?

```suggestion
* **@fasttime:** finished updating `@types/eslint` to v9 and has been also mostly busy reviewing issues and PRs.
```

Meeting thread:

> @nzakas: I think the distinction you're making is between explicitly passing the directory/file vs. having it match a pattern, correct?

> @mdjermanovic: Mostly, but it could be with patterns too. `eslintrc`, I believe, starts looking for config files from the pattern "root" (that's part of the pattern that represents a literal path, what `glob-parent` returns). I think ignoring files/directories is the only open question, everything else is pretty clear, so my suggestion is to leave that part of the design for discussing on the implementation

> @nzakas: If we agree that `eslint .` should ignore `subdir`, then that means we need to honor `./eslint.config.js`. And if we honor it, then it seems like we should honor it 100% of the time. The bottom line is that in `eslintrc`, you always get the same result regardless of how you pass the file path on the command line, and I think flat config should do the same. So if `eslint .` ignores `subdir` then so should `eslint subdir` and `eslint subdir/foo.js`. If `eslint .` does not ignore `subdir` then the same should go for `eslint subdir` and `eslint subdir/foo.js`. I don't think mixing and matching makes any sense

> > @mdjermanovic: in this [stackblitz](https://discord.com/channels/688543509199716507/688545247843713092/1266133982689628303) example `eslint .` doesn't go into `subdir` because of the ignorePattern in the cwd config file, but `eslint subdir` and `eslint subdir/file.js` do lint the file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> @mdjermanovic: in this [stackblitz](https://stackblitz.com/edit/stackblitz-starters-wjz9em?file=.eslintrc.json,package.json,subdir%2F.eslintrc.json) example `eslint .` doesn't go into `subdir` because of the ignorePattern in the cwd config file, but `eslint subdir` and `eslint subdir/file.js` do lint the file. 
```
